Coursera Financial Aid:

Why are you applying for Financial Aid? (150 words minimum required):

I am a student at a private college from Lucknow. I am applying for Financial Aid because I don't have money to pay for the course. As I am a student I don't have any source of income.
I am paying every year around 1Lakh of my College fee which is also a big amount to pay for me. In my family, only my father is doing the job. Because of all these conditions, I am applying for Financial Aid. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. This course will help me after graduation from college and also motivates me to do other Courses. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Udacity. Getting a verified certificate from Coursera will also increase my CV value among others.






How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? (150 words minimum required):

It is not possible for me to pay for this course. I want this course because I love android apps and I want to develop my own apps in near future. By doing this beginning App Development Course I will come to know some basics about how to write codes for android app. Regarding achieving career goals by taking this course, I will get internships from Internshala or any other platform. The certificate would be a valuable thing for me because it'll help me get better job opportunities and start my career as fast as possible. It'll show that I'm a hard worker and self-learner and also getting certified by such popular online Course website it will increase my chance to get internships, interview calls, and jobs easily. If you provide me with financial aid for this course then this will motivate me to do more other courses.





If you answered no, please help us understand why. :

As I mentioned above I am a student and not having any source of income, I can't pay the course fee.
I don't need the loan because I can't afford to pay for the course fee plus interest charge on the loan provided by you. 
